Issue#3: Confidentiality configurable through space admin configuration (#5)
ninech/confluence-confidentiality: README.md

![A screenshot of the plugin in action](https://i.imgur.com/w0T7zKF.png)

# Space confidentiality configuration

> By default plugin is not enabled for any space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the plugin is not enabled for any space.
```

> One have to enable it by going to either: Space Tools -> Addons, or Space menu -> Confidentiality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One has to enable it by 'Space Tools -> Addons' or 'Space menu -> Confidentiality'.
```

> ![Space menu](space_menu.png)

Reviewer: This will be uploaded to the root folder? I'd favor a sub folder or hosting it elsewhere (for example Imgur).

> Option is visible only for space admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The option is visible only for the space admin.
```

> Space confidentiality options can be set after enabling confidentiality for space:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Space confidentiality options can only be set after enabling confidentiality for the space:
```

![Space addons](space_options.png)

### Storing confidentiality options
Space confidentiality options are displayed as capitalized by default. 

Confidentiality options can be written either case, but in the process of normalization all letters will be converted to lowercase.
Due the way the confidentiality are stored by confluence, signs: # and , will be removed.

> All confidentiality options length cannot exceed 322768 signs (with # and , as fields separators), it's confluence restriction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All confidentiality options cannot exceed a length of 322768 signs (with # and , as fields separators). This is a  confluence restriction.
```
